# Assignment6


Week 6 Assignment ­ Testing and RefactoringOverviewThis week, we focused on how to build tests for our software and how to refactor our code to be simpler ormore efficient. For this week’s assignment, we are going to build some functions that will help us do sometemperature unit conversions. We will start by writing out tests that fail, and then building some code tomake that test pass, until we have a working version of the application. After that, we will see how we canpotentially refactor this implementation into something simpler.Our code will be organized into two files:1.conversions.py, which holds functions that will do these temperature unit conversions; and2.tests.py, which will hold all of our testsMake sure to create a github repository for this assignment named IS211_Assignment6. All developmentshould be done in this repository.Useful Reminders1.Read the assignment over a few times. At least twice. It always helps to have a clear picture of theoverall assignment when understanding how to build a solution.2.Think about the problem for a while, and even try writing or drawing a solution using pencil andpaper or a whiteboard.Part I ­ Create Tests for Celsius ConversionFollowing the test­driven development methodology, we are going to start by first creating some tests for ourimplementation. Let us start with testing two functions that we will eventually need to write and put insideconversions.py:1.convertCelsiusToKelvin ­ Takes in a float representing a Celsius measurement, and returns thattemperature converted into Kelvins2.convertCelsiusToFahrenheit ­ Takes in a float representing a Celsius measurement, and returnsthat temperature converted into FahrenheitFor now, create these functions in the correct file but have them return 0.0.The tests should make multiple calls to each function, checking if the conversion is correct. For example,300.00 °C is 572.00 °F and 573.15 K. For more information on how to do these conversions, please refer toConversion of Units of Temperature webpage, which has a reference table of known conversions that youcan use for your testing. Make sure this test is thorough by including 5 test cases per test. Also make sure tobe verbose in your testing (i.e. print a message for every test case you are checking).At this point, since those functions have not been written properly, the tests will fail. Let us correct this in thenext section.
Part II ­ Implement the Celsius Conversion FunctionsNow we need to make the tests work. Do this by correctly implementing the conversion functions listedabove. Make sure all your tests at this point run without any errors.Part III ­ RepeatRepeat Part I and II for converting from Fahrenheit to Celsius and Kelvin, as well as converting from Kelvinto Fahrenheit and Celsius.  There should now be a total of 6 functions, each one having a test case whichconfirms it is properly converting. Make sure all your tests can run successfully.Part IV ­ RefactorIn many real world situations, the requirements for your code may change. It behooves you as aprogrammer to think in general terms, such that if requirements do change, you can minimize the impact ofhow your code needs to change. Lets mimic this by changing the requirements of the application to supportnot only temperature, but to support converting between Miles, Yards and Meters.Now, to support this, we can do like we did above: keep creating functions to convert one unit to another,and writing a test for that function to confirm its functionality. However, is there a more general way to solvethese conversion problems? Do they have a similar pattern? If they do, is there a way for you to refactoryour code such that you only need one functions to convert any unit into another (of course, we can’t convertCelsius to Meters, and we should account for that by throwing an exception).Lets create a new method inside of a new file (called conversions_refactored.py) named convert that takesin 3 values:1.fromUnit ­ the unit we are converting from, as a string2.toUnit ­ the unit we are converting to, as a string3.value ­ the value of fromUnit we are converting fromThe function should return the converted value as a float. This method should not rely on the methods wewrote above. This about the problem and see if a pattern emerges that lets you implement it in a simplerway. The test for this function should:1.Check that all temperature conversions are working2.Check that all distance conversions are working3.Check that converting from one unit to itself returns the same value for all units4.Check that converting from incompatible units will raise a ConversionNotPossible exception(which should be defined in the conversions_refactored.py file)
